Dialect: Fix `get_table_names()` reflection method (#10)
crate-workbench/sqlalchemy-cratedb: CHANGES.md

- Added support for CrateDB's [FLOAT_VECTOR] data type. For SQLAlchemy
  column definitions, you can use it like `FloatVector(dimensions=1024)`.

> - Fixed `get_table_names()` reflection method, it did not respect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `get_table_names()` reflection method to respect the
```
